[Music]
eight Japanese parenting rules all kids
need all kids are a joy to be around
but Japanese children are some of the
most polite friendly and well behaved
you ever meet keep on watching to see if
you can learn a thing or two on
parenting from the Land of the Rising
Sun and don't forget to click the
subscribe button and turn on post
notifications to join us here on the
bright side
number eight storytelling is a top
priority Japanese parents take special
care into passing on their traditions
and telling their kids about their
country's history through fairy tales
there are even scary monsters and
imagery that parents from other
countries might not consider suitable
for their children but to Japanese
parents exposing their kids to these
sorts of things is a way to better
prepare them for real life it'd be like
you teaching your children about your
country's history from a very young age
without skipping any of the gory details
that are likely involved they don't
coddle their children and other aspects
of life as well they bring their kids to
the many Japanese festivals that take
place every year all for the purpose of
educating them but it's not like they
tell them scary stories and leave it at
that
children Japan have a plethora of super
cute cartoons and positivity that help
balance out the negative number 7 the
mother-child bond is very close in some
cases Japanese culture can be quite
patriarchal so those who follow the
traditional parenting model will put a
lot of importance on the mother-child
bond they follow what's called the
proximity parenting style you might have
seen in movies how mothers bathed with
their young children sleep with them
carry them around everywhere and are
focused on physical contact new Japanese
mothers spent almost all of their time
with their newborn getting a babysitter
having a night out or heading to work is
pretty uncommon although these practices
are starting to change
Japanese mothers have a belief that
children are initially disconnected from
parents and that they need to become
dependent on their mother through
physical touch in this way attachment is
more important than public displays of
affection
number six rules are more important than
punishment it might seem like Japanese
parents are very strict but they have a
lot of rules so that they don't have to
enforce punishment some parents in other
countries might try to enforce
easy-going rules on their kids and when
they don't respect them they get
punished a good way of teaching children
about rules and what's expected of them
is through extracurricular activities
kids in Japan are often involved in
sports teams creative groups and any
club or gathering that will teach them
to cooperate with others and follow
preset guidelines this makes it so that
children always know what's expected of
them they have rules at home at school
and even during their free time number
five the community is involved in
parenting when it comes to parenting
every adult that a child comes into
contact with also plays a role this
means that the entire community can be
counted on to help enforce rules
children spend a lot of time with their
grandparents and other relatives which
is pretty typical in a lot of countries
but the main difference is that Japanese
kids are taught to always respect and
honor their grandparents and all elders
even elders who are strangers to the
children are considered trustworthy and
must be respected when kids respect
their elders and the elder generation
takes an active role in parenting young
ones this creates an environment where
the community is a safe place for
children to grow up and since the
community protected them when they were
growing up the kids become adults with a
sense of responsibility to become
productive and helpful members of
society that give back parents know that
in the event of an emergency the
community will always be there for the
child number four the children's
nutrition is spot-on
if your little one throws a temper
tantrum at the sight of veggies on their
plate and they're screaming for chicken
nuggets instead then this Japanese
parenting tip should help in Japan
children always have a balanced meal
their parents prepare a nutritional
lunch that usually includes some rice
vegetables soup and lean meat so when
they go to school they don't scarf down
a bunch of junk that doesn't fuel their
body but instead gives them mood swings
makes them fatigue or on the other end
of that spectrum causes them to be super
hyper and unfocused of course when you
eliminate this bad stuff that brings on
mental fog kids can concentrate on their
homework in grades even school lunches
in Japan are just as healthy as homemade
meals and include a variety of great
food options kids grow up always eating
right and the associate healthy food
with feeling good this in turn helps
them make healthy food choices as adults
that instill the same values in their
kids as well number three children must
think of others if kids everywhere
thought about other people's feelings
you'd never see a sibling whack another
one with a Lego piece or throwing a
temper tantrum in the middle of the
grocery store from a very early age
parents in Japan teach their children to
think of others before they speak or act
so it's very uncommon to see a child
crying uncontrollably or being
aggressive in public wherever they are
whether it be at school restaurants or
museums kids are well-behaved they stay
in their seat eat what their parents put
in front of them and talk without
raising their voices this means that
even if children are uncomfortable or
something upsets them they don't show it
the other keep it to themselves let it
go or express it without making a big
scene number two children are highly
independent depending on where you live
the thought of letting your child walk
to school alone might turn your stomach
in knots
but in Japan kids as young as seven
years old get to travel to school by
themselves the Japanese get away with
this because they have a phenomenal
public transport systems and one of the
lowest crime rates in the world
children are responsible for taking
themselves to school and heading back
home afterwards this teaches them a
sense of responsibility and discipline
it also shows in that their parents
trust them to behave themselves when
they're alone kids are also taught in
dependence and self-discipline during
lunch time at school a lot of kids work
in the cafeteria serving other
schoolchildren during lunch
number one parents discipline their
children in private in a lot of
countries when a child is making a fuss
in public yelling or just generally
misbehaving parents might rush to put a
stop to things at once
many parents discipline their kids in
the presence of others but Japanese
parents tend to do it behind doors and
away from prying eyes in Japan parents
are expected to be role models that
remain patient when their children are
misbehaving if a Japanese child was
yelling in a crowded train and the
parent responded by screaming at them
the whole family would feel shame
besides that parents also do it in
private so that the child will pay
attention to what they're saying without
being distracted by others like all
parenting styles one accepted method
isn't necessarily better than another
but there's still a lot to be learned
from how different cultures raise happy
children if your parenting rules aren't
doing the trick maybe give these tips a
try if you want to follow the Japanese
style of parenting you'll need to bring
your kids up with some tough love when
it comes to education and discipline
establish strong attachments with your
children without being overly emotional
and get the help of your extended family
members in enforcing rules if it works
for people in Japan it might just work
for you which parenting rule you take
from Japanese parents let us know in the
comment section remember to give this
video a like share it with your friends
and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]